Don't you know that you yourselves are God's temple and that God's Spirit dwells in your midst?  1 Corinthians 3:16
"I have the right to do anything," you say – but not everything is beneficial. "I have the right to do anything" – but I will not be mastered by anything.  1 Corinthians 6:12
Be careful, however, that the exercise of your rights does not become a stumbling block to the weak.  1 Corinthians 8:9
So, if you think you are standing firm, be careful that you don't fall!  1 Corinthians 10:12
So whether you eat or drink or whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God.  1 Corinthians 10:31
For as woman came from man, so also man is born of woman. But everything comes from God.  1 Corinthians 11:12
There are different kinds of gifts, but the same Spirit distributes them.  1 Corinthians 12:4
Even so the body is not made up of one part but of many.  1 Corinthians 12:14
If I speak in human or angelic tongues, but do not have love, I am only a resounding gong or a clanging cymbal.  1 Corinthians 13:1
Love is patient, love is kind. It does not envy, it does not boast, it is not proud.  1 Corinthians 13:4
And now these three remain: faith, hope and love. But the greatest of these is love.  1 Corinthians 13:13
Follow the way of love and eagerly desire spiritual gifts, especially the gift of prophecy.  1 Corinthians 14:1
Do not be misled: "Bad company corrupts good character."  1 Corinthians 15:33
Be on your guard; stand firm in the faith; be courageous; be strong.  1 Corinthians 16:33
Remember this: Whoever sows sparingly will also reap sparingly, and whoever sows generously will also reap generously.  2 Corinthians 9:6
There is a time for everything, and a season for every activity under the heavens  Ecclesiastes 3:1
A time to weep and a time to laugh, a time to mourn and a time to dance  Ecclesiastes 3:4
Therefore each of you must put off falsehood and speak truthfully to your neighbor, for we are all members of one body.  Ephesians 4:25
Do not let any unwholesome talk come out of your mouths, but only what is helpful for building others up according to their needs, that it may benefit those who listen.  Ephesians 4:29
Get rid of all bitterness, rage and anger, brawling and slander, along with every form of malice.  Ephesians 4:31
Have nothing to do with the fruitless deeds of darkness, but rather expose them.  Ephesians 5:11
Be very careful, then, how you live – not as unwise but as wise.  Ephesians 5:15
For our struggle is not against flesh and blood, but against the rulers, against the authorities, against the powers of this dark world and against the spiritual forces of evil in the heavenly realms.  Ephesians 6:12
Have you experienced so much in vain – if it really was in vain?  Galatians 3:4
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness  Galatians 5:22
We must pay the most careful attention, therefore, to what we have heard, so that we do not drift away.  Hebrews 2:1
And let us consider how we may spur one another on toward love and good deeds  Hebrews 10:24
Now faith is being sure of what we hope for and certain of what we do not see.  Hebrews 11:1
"Make level paths for your feet," so that the lame may not be disabled, but rather healed.  Hebrews 12:13
Keep on loving one another as brothers and sisters.  Hebrews 13:1
Do not forget to show hospitality to strangers, for by so doing some people have shown hospitality to angels without knowing it.  Hebrews 13:2
Woe to those who call evil good and good evil, who put darkness for light and light for darkness, who put bitter for sweet and sweet for bitter.  Isaiah 5:20
Consider it pure joy, my brothers and sisters, whenever you face trials of many kinds  James 1:2
For the sun rises with scorching heat and withers the plant; its blossom falls and its beauty is destroyed. In the same way, the rich will fade away even while they go about their business.  James 1:11
My dear brothers and sisters, take note of this: Everyone should be quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to become angry  James 1:19
You see that people are justified by what they do and not by faith alone.  James 2:24
What causes fights and quarrels among you? Don't they come from your desires that battle within you?  James 4:1
Is anyone among you in trouble? Let them pray. Is anyone happy? Let them sing songs of praise.  James 5:13
The heart is deceitful above all things and beyond cure. Who can understand it?  Jeremiah 17:9
The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness has not overcome it.  John 1:5
Flesh gives birth to flesh, but the Spirit gives birth to spirit.  John 3:6
Stop judging by mere appearances, but instead judge correctly.  John 7:24
I am the good shepherd. The good shepherd lays down his life for the sheep.  John 10:11
A new command I give you: Love one another. As I have loved you, so you must love one another.  John 13:34
My command is this: Love each other as I have loved you.  John 15:12
Greater love has no one than this: to lay down one's life for one's friends.  John 15:13
Sanctify them by the truth; your word is truth.  John 17:17
If we claim to be without sin, we deceive ourselves and the truth is not in us.  1 John 1:8
Dear children, let us not love with words or tongue but with actions and in truth.  1 John 3:18
Whoever does not love does not know God, because God is love.  1 John 4:8
They are from the world and therefore speak from the viewpoint of the world, and the world listens to them.  1 John 4:5
There is no fear in love. But perfect love drives out fear, because fear has to do with punishment. The one who fears is not made perfect in love.  1 John 4:18
Because of the truth, which lives in us and will be with us forever  2 John 1:2
I have no greater joy than to hear that my children are walking in the truth.  3 John 1:4
Mercy, peace and love be yours in abundance.  Jude 1:2
Do to others as you would have them do to you.  Luke 6:31
What good is it for you to gain the whole world, yet forfeit your soul?  Mark 8:36
Blessed are the meek, for they will inherit the earth.  Matthew  5:5
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst for righteousness, for they will be filled.  Matthew  5:6
Blessed are the merciful, for they will be shown mercy.  Matthew  5:7
Blessed are the peacemakers, for they will be called children of God.  Matthew  5:9
But I tell you, love your enemies and pray for those who persecute you  Matthew  5:44
Do not store up for yourselves treasures on earth, where moth and rust destroy, and where thieves break in and steal.  Matthew  6:19
For where your treasure is, there your heart will be also.  Matthew  6:21
What good will it be for you to gain the whole world, yet forfeit your soul? Or what can you give in exchange for your soul?  Matthew  6:26
Do not judge, or you too will be judged.  Matthew  7:1
Ask and it will be given to you; seek and you will find; knock and the door will be opened to you.  Matthew  7:7
For everyone who asks receives; those who seek find; and to those who knock, the door will be opened.  Matthew  7:8
Enter through the narrow gate. For wide is the gate and broad is the road that leads to destruction, and many enter through it.  Matthew  7:13
Watch out for false prophets. They come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly they are ferocious wolves.  Matthew  7:15
