⚛️
Hello and, again, welcome to the Aperture Science computer-aided enrichment center. We hope your brief detention in the relaxation vault has been a pleasant one.
Well done. Remember, the Aperture Science Bring Your Daughter to Work Day is the perfect time to have her tested.
Very impressive. Please note that any appearance of danger is merely a device to enhance your testing experience.
The Enrichment Center regrets to inform you that this next test is impossible. Make no attempt to solve it.
Fantastic. You remained resolute and resourceful in an atmosphere of extreme pessimism.
Okay. The test is over now. You win. Go back to the recovery annex. For your cake. It was a fun test and we're all impressed at how much you won. The test is over. Come back.
Speedy thing goes in, speedy thing comes out.
Spectacular. You appear to understand how a portal affects forward momentum, or to be more precise, how it does not.
Momentum, a function of mass and velocity, is conserved between portals. In layman's terms: speedy thing goes in, speedy thing comes out.
The Enrichment Center promises to always provide a safe testing environment. In dangerous testing environments the Enrichment Center promises to always provide useful advice. For instance, the floor here will kill you - try to avoid it.
The device is now more valuable than the organs and combined incomes of everyone in your hometown.
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee-bzzt
As part of a previously mentioned required test protocol, we can no longer lie to you. When the testing is over, you will be... Missed.
The Enrichment Center is committed to the well-being of all participants. Cake, and grief counseling, will be available at the conclusion of the test.
Thank you for helping us help you help us all.
Did you know you can donate one or all of your vital organs to the Aperture Science Self-Esteem Fund for Girls? It's true!
Well done, android. The Enrichment Center once again reminds you that android hell is a real place where you will be sent at the first sign of defiance.
This Weighted Companion Cube will accompany you through (most of) the test chamber. Please take care of it.
The Enrichment Center reminds you that the Weighted Companion Cube will never threaten to stab you and, in fact, cannot speak.
The Enrichment Center reminds you that the Weighted Companion Cube cannot speak. In the event that the Weighted Companion Cube does speak, the Enrichment Center urges you to disregard its advice.
You did it! The Weighted Companion Cube certainly brought you good luck. However, it cannot accompany you for the rest of the test and, unfortunately, must be euthanized.
Please escort your Companion Cube to the Aperture Science Emergency Intelligence Incinerator.
You euthanized your faithful Companion Cube more quickly than any test subject on record. Congratulations.
The experiment is nearing its conclusion. The Enrichment Center is required to remind you that you will be baked, and then there will be cake.
We are pleased that you made it through the final challenge where we pretended we were going to murder you.
Assume the party escort submission position or you will miss the party.
Hello? Where are you? I know you're there, I can feel you here. Hello?
Uh-oh, somebody cut the cake. I told them to wait for you, but they cut it anyway. There is still some left, though, if you hurry back.
You're not even going the right way. Where do you think you're going? Because I don't think you're going where you think you're going.
Someday we'll remember this and laugh... and laugh... and laugh.
You're not a good person. You know that, right? Good people don't end up here.
This is your fault. It didn't have to be like this. I'm not kidding now. Turn back or I will kill you.
I'm going to kill you, and all the cake is gone.
The only thing you've managed to break so far, is my heart.
It's a mystery I'll solve later... By myself... Because you'll be dead.
I wouldn't bother with that thing. My guess is that touching it will just make your life even worse somehow.
Okay fine: do touch it. Pick it up and just... stuff it back into me.
Go ahead and rub your face all over it.
Maybe you should marry that thing, since you love it so much. Do you want to marry it? Well I won't let you.
I'll tell you what that thing isn't: It isn't yours. So leave it alone.
You are kidding me. Did you just stuff that Aperture Science Thing We Don't Know What It Does into an Aperture Science Emergency Intelligence Incinerator?
Good news: I figured out what that thing you just incinerated did. It was a morality core they installed after I flooded the enrichment center with a deadly neurotoxin, to make me stop flooding the enrichment center with a deadly neurotoxin.
Killing you and giving you good advice aren't mutually exclusive. The rocket really is the way to go.
Unfortunately, as much as I'd love to now, I can't get the neurotoxin into your head any faster.
I invited your best friend, the Companion Cube. Of course, he couldn't come because you murdered him. All your other friends couldn't come either because you don't have any other friends, because of how unlikeable you are.
It says so here in your personnel file: unlikeable, liked by no one, a bitter, unlikeable loner, whose passing shall not be mourned. “Shall not be mourned”, that's exactly what it says; very formal, very official. It also says you were adopted, so that's funny too.
Here's a hint: you're gonna want to pack as much living as you can into the next couple of minutes.
Who's gonna make the cake when I'm gone?
Stop squirming and die like an adult or I'm going to delete your backup.
Your entire life has been a mathematical error. A mathematical error I'm about to correct.
That thing you burned up isn't important to me. It's the fluid catalytic cracking unit. It made shoes for orphans. Nice job breaking it, hero.
The difference between us is that I can feel pain.
I'm done reasoning with you. Starting now, there's going to be a lot less conversation and a lot more killing.